everyone is watching a one-piece 674
alright so this chapter mostly focused
on for the majority of it basically it
was us up and Nami inside asantis body
and they were confronting Cesar about
the whole kids thing and we learned
something very interesting exactly how
luffy and them fell to Caesar back then
basically he could suffocate you we can
make all the options and come out and
that was really interesting because I
don't want to know how did Cesar you
know he's not really all that so it
makes sense in it so very tricky and
dirty underhanded technique but he got
the job done when he did it so I wanted
to seem to be honest with you stop like
putting some work and I know that's
maybe just me being a huge fan it would
stop because that's like one of my
favorite straw hats and he was like oh I
got a star a weapon that can touch a gas
and whatnot and basically Caesar like he
could have hit Caesar but Caesar was too
good at it he made it so that it wasn't
flammable you know his gas and whatnot I
was a little bit disappointed with that
cuz I wanted to see it put in work but
the thing that made me laugh and at the
same time be like what the heck was
Brownbeard the Krusty is that I thought
he was done apparently the Yeti cool
brothers don't know how to be good hit
man because they didn't take down old
brown beard he comes busting in and I'm
like what the heck and he basically
tries to go out Caesar doesn't do much
again just proves that he is just the
most pointless and he brings shame to
the bearded name you know you got white
be the greatest of all time you got
black bears old sneakiest dirty
underhanded piece of garbage of all time
still amazing though and then you got
brown beard just come in Boston and you
trip me really funny stuff I love seeing
that the kids got away and the whole
kids thing again I think this is older
what I don't know if he's gonna keep
doing this with the new world like it
seems as though the last arc with the
Fishman Island he was going for like
civil rights and like you know I guess
trying to reenact and in a way the civil
rights movement or whatnot with this art
is almost as though he's trying to show
I guess child abuse and stuff like that
with the kids being addicted to drugs
know what not I was like oh man when
whose sock was like oh because the kids
was beating the crap out of nami and
sanji body and then who saw was like all
right live a dirty bastards and then
and then tommy was I know they'll do it
so I was like a bit confused as a
situation how to feel because they're
kids but at same time that beating the
crap out of them so what do you do so
that was a really tough situation I
guess morally like what do you do to hit
these big giant kids I say he says I hit
him enough to knock them out or whatever
but they get away Cesar gets away
Brownbeard thought he did something he
do nothing he still in my opinion one of
the Krusty is beauty people hooked up
here this chapter really had me laughing
but the end Ichiro oda once again last
chapter don't from Engel this chapter we
get more epicness man now forgive me
because I can't really recognize all
them but i do know two of them i think
at the end everyone is watching and
basically this then then mushi I guess
reporting what's going on and I know
definitely for one without a doubt that
the very last panels was kid and kid is
watching a listening he was like oh
somebody tells a boss do you need
weapons of mass destruction or whatnot
like now but it's good to know about
them kid Oda Oda Oda and it really gets
me annoyed that there's no chapter again
next week after he just like we see kid
I believe that was basil Hawking's
beforehand or somebody with like long
hair and like a sword I think that's
Hawking's I don't know and then there
was like two other people I think we've
seen and I couldn't really recognize
them so if you would leave me who they
were that'd be amazing i would love to
know cuz i think it was like some of the
supernovas I know kid was there that was
the last panel and I think that was
Hawking's forgive me if I'm wrong
because I'm just a little bit like
looking at the panel's I looked at his
page what's times and I'm just not too
good with names and whatnot so you will
let me know that would be great epic
stuff Oda I just hate that next week
there's no chapter so again I'm like
come on over come on great stuff
honestly I love seeing that we get a
little bit of a break away from the
superpower people like Zorro and I below
we see them for a panel or two and
they're running it whatnot and
everything is just in chaos but I really
like seeing moose up and Nami go at it
with I guess Cesar they didn't do too
much they kind of got their butts handed
to them they got strangled to that
practically you can say because of the
oxygen but nonetheless I enjoyed seeing
you know who shot get a little bit of
you know spotlight even though he
doesn't deliver but still at Brownbeard
hilarious just pure hilarious I can't
really use any other words subscribe it
brown beard man just funny stuff and
yeah what do you guys think are we gonna
see some epic supernova uh craziness in
this art or is this just setting up with
next one I don't know why I oda with
show up kid and I believe again if
that's all peace out yo forget me and a
couple other people if they're not going
to be central as art so maybe towards
the end of this arc will have like kind
of how like thriller bark you know how
was just like one arkema at the end some
craziness happens maybe after very end
some of the supernovas are going to show
up and we're gonna have chaos who knows
I just know that this art is heating up
by far it has already had to destroy
Fishman Island by far this chapter alone
was just like I've never really felt
well there was some parts of Fishman
Island may not act like a Fishman Island
was this you know this one had his
moments but this particular chapter
really just and the last chapters it's
like I'll build up and just a crazy
build up at that and definitely older
knows what he's doing with this arc Odin
has a lost that magic whether people are
saying one piece lost it never never
great stuff let me know what you think
tell me who those people are if you
don't mind I know that's one of them is
kid if they're not even the people I'm
saying then let me know as well correct
me um awesome stuff hopefully we when
one piece does come back we get more
craziness because it's been epic but
it's all happens review thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed thumbs up for
hopefully seeing kid next time and as
always people have an awesome day